res://BattleScene/DiceSystem.gd
res://Teste ideológico/Scriptable Questions/Pergunta1.tres
res://Teste ideológico/Scriptable Questions/Pergunta2.tres
res://Teste ideológico/Scriptable Questions/Pergunta3.tres
res://Teste ideológico/Scriptable Questions/Pergunta4.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo1.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo2.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo3.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo4.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo5.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo6.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo7.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo8.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo9.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo10.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo11.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo12.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo14.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo16.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo17.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo18.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Cristo Resourse/Cristo19.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã1.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã2.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã3.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã4.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã5.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã6.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã7.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã8.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã9.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã10.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã11.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã12.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã13.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã14.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã15.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã16.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Islã Resourse/Islã17.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Luna Resourses/Luna1.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Luna Resourses/Luna2.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Luna Resourses/Luna3.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Luna Resourses/Luna4.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse1.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse2.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse3.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse4.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse6.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse7.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse8.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse9.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse10.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse11.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse12.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse13.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse14.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse15.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse16.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse17.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse18.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse19.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse20.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse21.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse22.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse23.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse24.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse25.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse26.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse27.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse28.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse29.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Maldição Resourse/Curse30.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple1.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple2.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple3.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple4.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple5.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple6.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple7.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple8.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple9.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple10.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple11.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple12.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple13.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple14.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple15.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Temple Resourse/Temple16.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda1.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda2.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda3.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda4.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda5.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda6.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda7.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda8.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda11.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda12.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda13.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda16.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Buda Resourse/Buda17.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist1.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist2.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist3.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist4.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist5.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist6.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist7.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist8.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist9.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist11.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist12.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist13.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist14.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist15.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist16.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist17.tres
res://Cards Resourses/True Card Resourses/Atheist Resourse/Atheist18.tres
